Hello and welcome back to Learn English
with Minecraft [music] Hardcore. My name
is Kenzo and this is English from the
Ground [music] Up and we're going to
start this video exploring this village
that we found in the last video. The
sun's going down, so I'm going to look
for a bed. A bed. An orange bed.
Anything in here?
A grindstoneone? [music]
Anything in this house? There's a table
with two chairs. I see a chest inside
this house. Let's open the door and open
the chest. Whoa, there's a bunch of
bread. We have 13 bread over here.
There's a mushroom that's growing from a
fallen log. Anything in here? A chest.
Some more bread. Now we have 17 bread.
It's a farmer. The farmer is planting
some wheat. Another chest. Some more
bread. But this time there's also a
bucket. Okay, I'll take the bucket.
Anything in here? Nope. Anything in
here? Nope. Okay, I think I've explored
this whole village. So, let's go back to
my boat and let's sail home. I think my
boat is this way.
Oh, that's lava. There's lava on the
beach. More lava. I'm going to get my
bucket and I'm going to fill my bucket
with lava.
There we go. Now I have a bucket of
lava. A baby turtle.
This turtle is so tiny.
Where is my boat?
Whoa.
Let's zoom in with the spy glass.
That's another village. There's another
village over there. So, there's one,
two,
three villages. There are three villages
here. I'm not going to go over to this
village right now because my inventory
is full. So, for now, I'm going to go
back home.
Where is my boat?
>> [music]
>> Is that my boat? Oh, I found my boat.
Let's get in the boat and let's start
sailing back home.
Whoa, look. There's another broken
Nether portal down there underwater. I'm
not going to go down there. Oh, but
there's a chest.
There's a chest. I'm going to go open
the chest.
The sun's going down.
Whoa.
What's this? I'm swimming up, up, up,
up, up.
[sighs] Okay, I can breathe.
Okay, now let's sail home. Um,
I'm a little bit lost.
I don't know where my house is
and it's dark
so it's hard to see. I'm going to go
back to village number one. I'm going to
place a torch next to my boat.
Oh, the iron golem killed a zombie.
Uh-oh. The zombie is trying to break in.
Die, zombie. Die. Die. I protected the
villager.
Is that my house? Oh, I see my house.
And I'm being shot by skeletons.
Die, skeleton. Die.
Okay, we're safe. The sun is coming up.
So, pretty soon these monsters will
start burning.
Die zombies. Baby zombie.
I'm running towards my house. My house
is right over there.
See my house. And we're back home.
Home sweet home.
If you're enjoying these videos and if
you'd like to practice speaking English
with me and other learners, you should
join the community Discord server. You
can join for free by clicking up here.
Well, I've filled up my two chests. I'm
going to need to expand my house. I'm
going to take these jungle logs and
let's build some more planks.
There we go. And with these planks,
let's build some stairs.
Okay, 24 stairs. I'm going to place
these stairs up here so that my house
looks a little bit better. I'm going to
place some stairs.
More stairs. There we go. That looks a
little bit better. I'm going to chop
down a few more trees.
Let's collect some more logs.
The jungle trees have vines hanging from
them.
My axe broke, so I need to build
another. This time, I'm going to build
an iron axe. Let's upgrade to an iron
axe. Let's build an iron axe.
There we go. Now we've got 40 jungle
logs. And let's replant these trees. We
have eight jungle saplings. 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 and 8.
These will grow into trees. Now I'm
going to expand my house. I'm going to
build a room for chests. I'm going to
take my jungle logs.
Hm.
Maybe the corner will be right here.
One, two, three. And let's build some
jungle planks. I'll build a wall right
here.
This is going to be a bigger room than
the first room. Let's go to sleep.
Sleep. Okay. Oh, the zombies are
burning.
Die. Die. If you hit them once, you can
collect the XP.
see XP.
If you don't punch them, you don't
collect any XP. So, you have to punch
them once. So, these logs will be the
corners. And I'll build a wall here.
H I'm actually going to change this a
little bit. I'm going to break this
wall. I'm going to replace these logs
with planks.
And now we'll place logs here. One, two,
three. Now this wall is five blocks
wide.
One, two, three, four, five.
And let's do the same for this side.
One, two, three, four, five. And we'll
build the corner right here. One, two,
three.
I'll build the wall.
There we go. Now, this wall is five
blocks wide as well.
Okay.
Was that a bark?
A dog.
Do I have any bones?
No. But I might have some bones in my
chest. Any bones?
No bones. What about up here?
I don't have any bones.
Okay, let's go back to building.
All right, and now there's just one
final wall to build right here. There we
go. I'm going to take some cobblestone.
And let's go up and build the roof.
Up, up, up. I can break these stairs.
Now, let's build the roof using
cobblestone.
Cobblestone.
There we go. Okay, now I need to build
more stairs.
Okay, we can build 32 stairs. All right,
now let's place the stairs and some
stairs on this side.
A,
there we go.
Now the roof is finished. Now I'm going
to break this wall. Let's break the
wall.
There we go. And I'll place a torch.
Another torch. Now I have much more
space. I'm going to build an iron
shovel. An iron shovel. There we go. And
now I'll dig up the floor
with the shovel.
All right. And I picked up some sand
that I can smelt in a furnace to make
glass. Let's start smelting some of this
sand in the furnace. And now let's
replace the floor with cobblestone.
This area will be for chests. First,
I'll take some cobblestone and I'll
place some in the corners
here and here. And now I have seven
chests that I stole from the villages.
Let's take these chests and I'll place
some chests here
and here.
And I'm going to break these chests and
move them. I'll break this chest. And
I'll place this chest here. All right.
And I'll break this second chest.
And I'll place the chest right here. And
over here, I'm going to build a window.
A big window. Let's get our axe
and let's break all of these blocks.
And now let's take our glass
and let's replace them with glass.
There we go. And I'll build one more
chest.
And I'll place it here. Cool. And in the
future, I can build more chests and
place them here and here. But for right
now, this should be plenty. And I'm
going to end this episode right here.
Like and subscribe. And if you'd like to
help support this channel, you could
make a donation on my coffee page by
clicking up here. Thanks for watching,
and I will see you in the next video.
>> See you.
just right. Wow.
Is this the best it's ever [music] been?
Is it right? I'm not a sinner.